/**
 * file: karbytes_19_january_2024.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 19_JANUARY_2024
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

Ethos is what is said to imbue a particular person's argumentation with increased credibility (within the context of some population serving as the audience to that particular person's argumentations) due to that particular person having been recognized (by the audience population) as contributing beneficially to society through that person's own voluntary efforts. (The relatively old Latin word "ethos" is etymologically similar to the relatively new English word "ethics").

Pathos is what is said to imbue a particular person's argumentation with increased credibility (within the context of some population serving as the audience to that particular person's argumentations) due to that particular person's argumentation invoking compelling emotions in the audience which make the audience want to sympathize with the person making those arguments. (The relatively old Latin word "pathos" is etymologically similar to the relatively new English word "patheticness").

Logos is what is said to imbue a particular person's argumentation with increased credibility (within the context of some population serving as the audience to that particular person's argumentations) due to that particular person's argumentation presenting sufficient empirical and logical evidence in order to convince the audience that the propositions being argued are sufficiently likely to be true. (The relatively old Latin word "logos" is etymologically similar to the relatively new English word "logic").

* * *

karbytes argues that all appeals to ethos and all appeals to pathos are reducible to being merely appeals to logos (based on the assumption that all subjective experiences are fundamentally reducible to computational logic (due to the fact that all observed phenoma take place inside of relatively virtual universes which are substantied by relatively physical information processing hardware)).

* * *

Panpsychism is the ontological assumption that all of reality is unconditionally contained within exactly one unique and ubiquitous mind (and that all observed phenoma take place within the context of some dream experienced by the aforementioned ubiquitous mind).

* * *

Multiple non-identical types of hypothetical all-inclusive multiverses are posited to exist by karbytes.

One of those types of hypothetical all-inclusive multiverses is the configuration of nature being exactly one solipsistic universe as rendered by karbytes (which would imply that karbytes is the only conscious experiencer of any phenomenon).

* * *

ethics 

logos (and pathos and ethos) but ultimately it is all logos

empathy from identification with target

panpsychism enables all-inclusive empathy (at least abstractly from the vantage of the practitioner)

minimize suffering of all sentient beings is only necessary ethic

types of hypothetical all-inclusive multiverses 

naturalistic fallacy is impossible not to commit

suffering (especially related to loss of coveted property) due to entropy is probably unconditionally inevitable 

Therefore, humans need not intentionally create more suffering than what is "naturally occurring"

if humans get UBI, humans will still seek gratification of "higher needs" than mere survival and reproduction. 

Not all standards of living are the same

Law of Attraction, causality, hypothesis, puppets with no free will, etc.

Modernizing medicine, life expectancy expectations, sexual and emotional gratification, and reproduction 

Violence (practiced by humans against other humans) only in self defense and never in offense is justified (according to karbytes) but no other form of violence (between humans) is justified (according to karbytes)

Given that humans currently have everything they need to sustain themselves on a plant-based diet, humans are not justified in continuing to procure, purchase, and consume products which were derived from murdering, injuring, or otherwise torturing sentient creatures such as cows and chickens.

karbytes proclaims to always be minimizing the net suffering throughout all reality.

karbytes would rather end its life via suicide than endure what karbytes thinks are circumstances which require that karbytes experience "too much" suffering. The benefit of that (to people other than karbytes who presently or in the future inhabit karbytes' universe (or, more technically, the multiverse karbytes interacted with as a humanoid avatar legally named Karlina Ray Beringer and legally born on 13_JANUARY_1990 in the San Francisco Bay Area of California)) is that resources which would have otherwise been allocated to karbytes' survival and agency are freed up to be used for alternate purposes (especially for those aforementioned other people).

A relatively global system of surveillance and resource allocation (powered by increasingly sophisticated artificial intelligence overseen and updated by qualified human personnel) will (or "should") take the place of human political leaders, law enforcement personnel, and private security guards and bankers. The system will be as open source as safely possible and help to keep every person equally accountable as a node of that decentralized system of governance.
